Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
Now,
in this lecture,
we're gonna have a look at opening another workbook.
Programmatically on the structure of it looks just like this first line of code just here.
So what we have is workbooks.
That's the object dot Open.
That's the method space and nowhere into parameters.
Now,
the first parameter and the one you absolutely cannot omit is the file name.
And you can turn your working with a method because we have a problem and we haven't equals
.
Now this is always specified inside of quotes and comes in two parts.
It comes firstly with the complete path to the file.
So in this instance,
Book one does XLs ex lives in C colon slash users Alan death stop.
If you're not entirely sure how to get that,
if you can see your file just right,
click it.
I know this is slightly off screen,
but you'll see in the second choose properties and then this window is going to pop up.
If you click security,
you can copy the path on the file name precisely.
And that's exactly how I wrote this code.
A Just when here coupled that came over to this.
And then I pasted the answer in here So that say,
you get the path of the full name or you could use the code that we use a little bit
earlier.
Okay,
so let's just it ace and excuse through that code.
So where?
Books Open file.
Name C users Ang Desktop book one dot Excel s ex.
Andi.
There you go.
That is Book one opened programmatically.
So far,
so good on now.
I'm just going to rent that out and we're gonna come down to the next one now This up to
him here is exactly the same line of code.
I've just separated across multiple lines with space and an underscore,
but I think there are about 16 different parameters that you can set when you open a work
book,
which is gonna look at a few of them here.
Probably the most commonly used ones on this is the next one we're gonna have a look at.
No,
to add a parameter,
you literally just comma.
And then you add your parameters.
So this particular line of code is gonna open exactly the same workbook.
But it will open it up as read only true.
So when I hit our fate,
the workbook has opened again.
But this time you can see its read only interesting.
Ok,
now,
the 3rd 1 on a very important one,
particularly if you have password protected books is You can also specify the password to a
password protected workbook.
When you open it by using the password,
colon equals on whatever the password is Now,
obviously,
if you're using,
if you're storing passwords in your code,
you must lock your code.
Otherwise,
there's no point in having passwords.
So what I'm gonna dio this is on my desktop,
so I'm just going to double click it and you can see if I just try and open it in the
regular fashion by double clicking.
It's going to say,
Hey,
give me the password before you let me in.
So cancel.
Then I'm gonna execute this line of code on.
There you go password protected Excel file.
That's this,
and we managed to open it programmatically without having to type the password.
Okay,
now there are other parameters of South.
Things are about 15 16 in all,
some of which you'll probably never use the most common ones who have already looked at
openers,
read only opening a password protected file.
But we do have a few others,
and these are the ones that I've used in the past.
So if your workbook has links to external data sources,
you can specify whether or not it will update those links.
When it opens on,
all you need to do literally is here,
just hit comma and then say update links on whatever the value is that you want.
And you can have as many of these in your open routine as you like,
so update links.
Zero does not update the external references on opening,
and that's the default setting.
So if you don't mention it,
it won't update them.
If you do want it to update them,
you must add update links.
Colon equals three,
so zero does not update three does notify.
Now,
this is when you have perhaps a file and shared directory and someone else is in the file.
So it is a lock.
If you set this to notify True,
your file was still open,
but it will open as read only and then assumes the other person has come out of the file.
You'll get a notification that sayings no available to read.
Right?
Andi notify.
False is obviously it does not show the above I can't spell.
I've just noticed there.
That should say doesn't know on t m are you?
That's an interesting one.
M are you is the most recently used list.
So you know,
when you go to X when you open X element says these are all the files you've recently
opened.
That is the M Are you the most recently used list?
If you set that to true,
which is its default value,
the file you just opened will appear in that list.
But if you don't want it to appear in that list,
set it to false Okay,
so let's get down to this bottom one just here.
So I'm just gonna run now,
and I'm gonna hit their fate.
So what we're going to do is say,
application,
get open file name,
and that is how you access the open file dialog box on.
What we're going to do is whatever we click,
we're going to read into the variable called My file.
So when they hit f eight,
this comes up.
So if I never get to.
Let's have a look.
Desktop on Book one.
I can double click Book one that or click Book one and say open.
Hello.
I have a very slow computer.
I have no idea what was going on without them,
but never hover over my file.
You can see that we now have the full path on the file.
Name of the file.
I just clicks on,
then,
obviously using that path.
Age issues workbooks open.
Boom on.
There you go.
On.
That is how you open another workbook,
programmatically.
Okay,
I'll see you in the legs like we would have a look at how you close workbooks.
Programmatically.
I'll see you That.